README.md, before:

# Odin_form
This project will use HTML,CSS, JS
In this Project, I plan to implement a form with functional checks and styles to typical problematic styles seen in forms. 

Here is the organization and pre-code set up
1. Gather all text and images wanted, lets just get our words done and style after.

2. Looks like the page is split up from the left and right, with the right taking more space than the left. So this can be an image with a image container and a form side container, since the logo appears to be to stay at the left, I think these are the first separations I need, so 2 divs after the main.

3. The logo side has no other sections, so i think that's it for that

4. The form side has 2 sections, a top heading and the form area

5. The form has 2 sections, the form entry and a submit button

Style Section 

1. Radiation waste and warning colors: green, yellow, black. Yellow call to attention like in the warning signs, green is the color of radiation, black is the color of the words describing the warning. Accent

Commit message:

add basic mobile function and basic password check

README.md, after:

# Odin_form
This project will use HTML,CSS, JS
In this Project, I plan to implement a form with functional checks and styles to typical problematic styles seen in forms. 

Here is the organization and pre-code set up
1. Gather all text and images wanted, lets just get our words done and style after.

2. Looks like the page is split up from the left and right, with the right taking more space than the left. So this can be an image with a image container and a form side container, since the logo appears to be to stay at the left, I think these are the first separations I need, so 2 divs after the main.

3. The logo side has no other sections, so i think that's it for that

4. The form side has 2 sections, a top heading and the form area

5. The form has 2 sections, the form entry and a submit button

Style Section 

1. Change in background image, original image did not match the theme

JS

1. Be able to take the value of password and compare it to confirm password. Once we hit submit, the variables of both should be assigned, if they do not match, the border should change in color. For user experience, maybe it would be better to see if it matches while typing them, so the create password will always start red as soon as they start typing in the area.
